Janet SwisherDocumentation Manager | Austin, TX (Remote-first) | 1-512-657-9291 | janetswisher@fastmail.us | linkedin.com/in/janetswisher | github.com/jmswisherSummarySenior Documentation Manager with 5 years experience owning developer documentation as a product-spanning strategy, building on deep experience in partnering with engineering to ship high-quality docs alongside releases, as well as information architecture, docs tooling, and docs governance. Passionate about making documentation a competitive advantage for developers. Proven track record designing a git-based, Markdown-powered doc system (including Docusaurus migration), establishing style-guide governance, and partnering cross-functionally in remote, async-first environments. Passionate about making documentation a competitive edge for developersŃoptimizing for both human and AI consumption.Professional ExperienceHERE (here.io, formerly OpenFin)Head of DocumentationNov 2020 Đ Feb 2026 | Remote? Directed the creation and maintenance of developer documentation for HERE Core libraries in JavaScript/TypeScript, Java, and .NET and of docs for administrators and end-users of HERE Enterprise Browser. ? Owned documentation roadmap and prioritization based on customer feedback, product changes, and support insights.? Designed and led end-to-end documentation strategy and opinionated information architecture for HERE Enterprise Browser and the HERE Core libraries, supporting developer onboarding, feature migrations, andĘ development use cases.? Led a team of writers and partnered with product management, engineering, QA, and customer solutions to deliver documentation aligned with software releases, achieving on-time delivery for 95% of releases.? Established and enforced style guidelines and content governance processes; audited and pruned legacy pages, improving clarity and reducing maintenance overhead.? Collaborated with devops to establish CI pipeline for documentation updates using GitHub Actions, with staging server deployment for final QA before publishing to production.Ę? Coached engineers, designers, and PMs on markdown-driven authoring and review standards in GitHub, through group presentations, individual coaching, and internal documentation.? Updated style guidelines to promote machine-readable content modules for AI/LLM consumption, structuring docs for search-engine optimization and future AI tooling.? Spearheaded migration of HERE documentation from a SaaS platform to a docs-as-code workflow using GitHub, Docusaurus, and TypeSense, enabling enhanced coordination with software releases.Established documentation standards and review processes to ensure consistency and quality across all developer, administrator, and end-user guides.MozillaStaff Technical WriterJan 2020 Đ Aug 2020 | Remote? Created and maintained documentation for web standards and web development tools (Firefox Dev Tools), including CSS and security topics.? Collaborated with the Firefox engineering team to coordinate doc updates with Firefox releases.Mozilla (continued)Agile CoachJan 2018 Đ Dec 2019 | Remote? Facilitated Large Scale Scrum (LeSS) processes for documentation and development teams and migrated tracking from Taiga to ZenHub to support team needs.? Migrated teams from Taiga to ZenHub for tracking of user stories, epics, and OKRs.Community StrategistApr 2016 Đ Jan 2018 | Remote? Supported communities in creating developer-oriented programs, and brought a community-based perspective to marketing initiatives focused on developer audiences.MDN Community ManagerMar 2013 Đ Mar 2016  | Remote? Encouraged community involvement in Mozilla's developer-oriented technical content, by removing roadblocks to participation and encouraging a sense of community among participants, including both volunteers and staff who may not have these activities in their job descriptions.? Organized community-oriented events in 10+ cities and countries to increase contributor engagement and sense-of-belonging.Technical Writer/Community StewardJun 2010 Đ Feb 2013 | Remote? Wrote and edited documentation of open Web standards-based technology (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Web APIs).? Coordinated and encouraged a community of volunteer documentation contributors.? Organized and led periodic "documentation sprints" that focus doc efforts and build community.? Coordinated doc work across teams and organizations.Lombardi (an IBM company)Sr. Information Developer2009 Đ 2010 | Austin, Texas? Planned, wrote, and edited technical documentation for Lombardi's Teamworks business process management software, using DITA and related tools, including DITA-OT, XMetaL, and Oxygen.? Created a proof-of-concept process application for sales engineers and product marketers to write, edit, and maintain reusable proposal content. Content is in DITA format with metadata that drives the approval and review processes. Embedded the DITA Storm editor in the Teamworks application.EnthoughtSr. Technical Writer2004 Đ 2009 | Austin, Texas? Planned and wrote technical documentation for custom scientific applications and libraries implemented in Python.? Developed a corporate style guide and templates for internal and external documents.? Edited proposals, web content, and other marketing materials.? Implemented a subset of the RoboHelp API in Python, for HTML Help on MS Windows and WebHelp on other platforms.? Implemented a wrapper class in Python for the RoboHelp API, and implemented context-sensitive help buttons in application code.NXP Semiconductors (formerly Motorola Semiconductor)Contract Technical Writer2002 Đ 2003 | Austin, Texas? Planned and wrote technical manuals for embedded wireless system software, including a J2ME implementation.SkillsDocumentation systems and tooling: git/GitHub/GitLab, Docusaurus, Markdown,, restructuredText, DITA, SDK/library documentationDocumentation strategy: Information architecture, content lifecycle management, docs-as-codeCollaboration: remote/async workflow, cross-functional deliveryEmerging practices: AI/LLM-optimized content, AI in doc development workflowsEducationUniversity of Chicago, B.A. in Humanities