Dear GitLab Technical Writing Manager,I am excited to apply for a Technical Writer position at GitLab. Given my background, I think I am a match for the Senior Technical Writer level. Here are the ways I think I meet your requirements:Technical communication? I have been a tech writer in the software industry since 1999, covering all aspects of the process, including writing, editing, researching, and planning documentation.? I have excellent grammar skills. I strive to achieve minimalist documentation, through understanding reader needs, and documenting only what is necessary to meet their goals. I work on my own or with  a team to create an effective information architecture; this was especially a challenge on MDN Web Docs, which, as a wiki, tends to sprawl if not carefully managed.? I have experience producing documentation for a variety of products and services. In addition to documenting the web platform (Mozilla), I have worked on documentation for e-commerce applications (Trilogy), embedded wireless system software (NXP Semiconductors), applications for geophysics modeling and simulation of industrial mixing systems, as well as open source Python libraries (Enthought), and business process automation software (Lombardi). ? Throughout my tech writing career, I have had to triage and prioritize numerous issues and projects, balancing maintenance of existing docs with projects to create new documentation and to improve processes.Technical ? I have experience using the Linux shell, command-line Git, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Python. ? I have experience documenting HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.? I have experience using the same workflows and tooling used by engineering, from issue trackers to source control to build and production toolchains. Leadership? Working environment? I have experience working at a startup (Trilogy), which grew from 80 people when I joined, to about 1500 people just before the 2001 dot-com crash.? I have 10 years of experience working remotely (at Mozilla), which had 10 offices world-wide, and roughly 50% remote employees. Most recently I was on a team that spanned 3 continents and 9 or 10 time zones (depending on the time of year).? I have worked in a data-driven environment, where, for example, the documentationŐs KPI was Ňnumber of successful sessions;Ó this metric was based on responses of a small percentage of readers to a pop-up survey about whether the docs helped them complete their task. This task completion rate multiplied by traffic yielded the KPI. I have also conducted experiments to look for ways to increase retention of first-time wiki contributors, and examined web analytics to help prioritize localization efforts. ? I am excited about the prospect of working at an organization that values transparency so highly as to publicly document seemingly everything about its operations. That transparency shows that careful thought has been given to every aspect of the company culture and how to foster and live its values in a way that many organizations aspire to but fall sadly short of. Some experience planning and leading major initiatives, such as the launch of new documentation resources, large-scale documentation reviews and revamps, and cross-functional initiatives.Experience establishing processes used by teams across an organization in support of documentation.Demonstration of the use of data and evidenced-based decision making.Experience with DevOps tools and some degree of frontend or backend engineering.Sincerely,Your Name